What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

a .git file gets created as a directory for the metadata that runs the commits.
it also list all existing files in the directory, and it shows all files as
untracked files.

it's necessary to organize the base for the repository


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area serves as a sketching area to put files together to then make
the commit( in my case however i was not able to make the commit) The working
directory is the unique address while the repository holds all of the files.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

I've learnt a lot in this exercise because  along the way i had many hurdles to
overcome. The first obstacle was setting up subl as my core editor for git.
However, after doing some research i discovered that one can also do commits in
most text editors directly from the editor. It is absolutely ground breaking for
me to be able to perform this task from inside the editor because even at this
early learning stage I presume most of the coding gets done in them.
I'm also getting a big picture of GIT. I feel more confident now making changes
and navigating in uncomfortable terrain. I feel less intimidate when in need
to venture out in the net for answers.




What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches would help a lot in the exploration of new ideas while maintaining
most of the previous work intact. I'd can also help making alternative
iterations for different purposes expanding the horizons for projects.

Useful commands:
Viewing the commit history
The full command Caroline types to see the visual representation of the commit
 history is git log --graph --oneline master coins.

Checking out the coins branch
Note that you'll need to check out the coins branch using
the command git checkout coins before you can view the coins
branch using git log.

git checkout master
Previous HEAD position was 25ede83 a couple missing ends with the ipad version
Switched to branch 'master'
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.
fernandomarroquin (master) asteroids $ git branch
* master
fernandomarroquin (master) asteroids $ git branch easy-mode
fernandomarroquin (master) asteroids $ git branch
  easy-mode
* master
fernandomarroquin (master) asteroids $ git checkout easy-mode
Switched to branch 'easy-mode'
fernandomarroquin (easy-mode) asteroids $ git branch
* easy-mode
  master



How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
